For this game, I was inspired by both Bubble Struggle 2 and Age of War since both games include features of an enemy that has to be defeated several times before being finally defeated. The scenery for my game is going to be a seabed where one octopus and a varying amount of fishes operate. The enemy in this game is the fishes, i.e. this game’s obstacle. There will be different sized fishes and the bigger the size, the more times the octopus has to attack the fish to defeat it. This is also how this game will vary in difficulty. Depending on which level the user chooses to start at, easy, medium or hard, there will be bigger and bigger fishes. In addition, the amount of fish increases. 

The user controlled character is the octopus who tries to defeat all the enemies, i.e the fishes. The octopus will be controlled through the up, right, down and left arrow on the keyboard and will be able to attack the enemies through the space key. The octopus can hurt an enemy by placing itself above the fish and releasing ink on it. The fish is only defeated if the ink is successfully placed on the fish. The octopus needs to collect ink pens, i.e this game’s objective, before being able to release ink. The octopus only needs one ink pen to release ink but after releasing ink, the ink pen is consumed, and the octopus needs to collect another one. However, the octopus is allowed to collect as many ink pens as it wants. 

When a fish is hurted, a specific sound will play, and the fish will shrink in size if it was a successful attack. The octopus has to continuously attack the fish until it is completely defeated. The octopus gets hurt if it collides with any of the fishes. If a collision is detected, a specific sound will be played and the octopus’ life will decrease. Once the octopus’ life has gone down to zero, the game is over. 

The scoring is based on how many enemies the octopus succeeds to defeat. The scoring system, how much life the octopus has left, and when the octopus is ready to release ink are a part of the HTML page. When the octopus has gained a specified amount of points, its life will be automatically refilled. Furthermore, there will be a pause function included in the game. Through this the user will be able to pause the game and then continue playing with the same amount of life and score. 

Bubble Struggle 2
This game is varying how difficult it is to get the bubbles away. I also like that it is about timing when aiming for the bubbles, and that you can get more skilled at the timing the more experience you have with the game. 
